we've got a good matchup in store for
you here as it will be the National
League all-star taking on their
counterparts from the American League
and hi again everybody along side Dave
Campbell and Rex Hudler Matt bash
version as we get set for the pageantry
that is the major league baseball
all-star game Hanley Ramirez delete
things often be the shortstop David
Wright bats second he's at third right
behind him the powerful Troy Glaus
Albert Pujols is in the cleanup spot at
first base next up is Benji Molina
behind the plate Corey Hart bat sixth
and plays right the right-handed hitting
Matt Holliday is next out in left field
then comes Chase Utley he'll be a second
base Carlos Beltran will round out the
lineup he isn't shy young award winner
in the American League left-hander CC
Sabathia Guerrero about second and
playwright many Ramirez bats third in
plays left field Frank Thomas is in the
cleanup spot at first base Magglio
Ordonez is the designated hitter tonight
he'll bat fifth after that second
baseman Ian Kinsler next is the 2005
American League MVP Alex Rodriguez he's
at third Victor Martinez will be behind
the plate and hit eighth Orlando Cabrera
will hit number nine he is it they'll be
in for a very tough assignment indeed as
they'll face the former sigh Young Award
winner Johan Santana
runner at first with one man gone now
the hitter wonders when is going to see
it again grounded to third this could be
2 kinsler food
but he's able to keep his foot on the
bag as he falls over in the process and
it's his double play Benji Molina will
be the better these two guys are locked
in a battle now weighing in a hard-hit
ball towards the whole base hit into
left field so they've got themselves a
one-out base runner runner on first with
one out now like one on the corner like
he wanted I think that pitch needs to
come down a bit more
hit
when they hit that ball to straightaway
right field and I thought
horse behind it that I imagined national
leaguers out in front two to nothing
Magglio Ordonez will start things often
fathers hammers
right field
over the app
a solo shot
yeah and the National leaguers have made
this
if it spelled hi right down the middle
that's a big mistake in location in a
costume right there
en el leave this one to two one swinging
a bold lines foster to the left side and
that finds its way through is Ichiro's
got a leadoff single stand-in and each
he was running pitch is a called strike
the throw
me in time as if euros able to take
second with e now a ground ball towards
the hole
and past the diving infielder that's a
base hit and come back to tie it
Molina will stride in again and that's
outside he lost in ball for free heart
will try things again now this is on the
ground at first we'll see if they can
get to and he can't come up with it
get him a second
just let that ball plan you got to be
aggressive out there that one caught him
two men on
and plans not going to get there a fair
ball heading for the corner and the
London Oh score from second the NL leads
it three to two turns on one sending and
high and deep to right but he'll get
there as he Flags it down just shy of
the wall and with that the side is
retired nothing doing there just about
set for the National League detectors
part of tough
he had hard to the left side and that's
in there they
elevation
I'm a day we're big in here to 42 of the
double duck
the air out toward deep center
ichiro is there and that should be deep
enough to score the run
and that's going to be a sac fly and
scores from third sacrifice fly and the
RBI that time national leaguers out in
front four to two figures get ready to
take their swings in the sixth let's
once again call on our in game box score
swinging a ball pulled into right on his
junior the dishes of a sin
many Ramirez and a pretty feeble effort
that time is this is tapped in front of
them all three outs to go now and on to
try and wrap this thing up is the closer
right-hander Takashi Saito Ortiz will
stand in he grounded out his swing in a
shock to a second and dive but it's off
his glove and that should go as a base
hit and they'll have no play as he
reached will come on now and pinch run
here looking for his base runner so now
they look swinging a ball rolled into
right on his junior that this is a base
hit
Kinsler will stand in he flew out his
last now a double play ball here is this
is on the ground to third Utley for one
but it's not in time as they'll settle
for one so we've got runners with the
shoulders here one away
is it out to deep right-center field
Beltran is there and that should be deep
enough to score the run and you will
score on the sacrifice fly well he
drives in a run with a sac fly here but
darn near drove in three got it all
out to the warning track but got under
it just a little too much
per second
I missed the throw
out of trouble as this ball game is over
so the national leaguers come out on top
here and Dave let's go to our new era
cap heads-up play of the game an
all-star game atmosphere like this it
can sometimes be hard to single out one
guy for an MVP